hey guys in this video I'm going to show
you how to get this wavy hair look that
is perfect for spring but first I'm
going to show you how to do the
auricular brave so you can use it as a
headband for this look let's begin first
off brush your hair to detangle any
knots grab a chunk of hair at the front
and divide it into three strands but for
this blood you want to make sure that
the strands are uneven so make the two
bottom strand smaller than the top as
you can see the top strand is
significantly bigger than the other two
and from here you basically want to
braid your hair into a regular three
strand braid here's a close-up of this
braid even though it's a regular three
strand braid the too uneven strands make
this braid like a regular keep reading
until you pass your shoulder length and
then tie it off with an elastic band
this is what the irregular braid should
look like and you want to do the exact
same thing on the other side now divide
your hair clip the top layer up and
bring the bottom layer forward take
about an inch section of hair at a time
and wrap it around your curling one this
look is best achieved with a 1 inch
barrel curling iron here I'm using the
magic one by new me keep your hair on
the one for 10 seconds then release it
in the palm of your hand let the curl
cool off before releasing it and this
will keep your curls lasting longer then
grab another inch section of hair and
curl it the opposite way so that your
curls don't bunch up together release it
in your hand hold it there for a few
seconds and release when the bottom
layer is done release the top layer
bring it to the front and curl it the
same way now my hair case and curls
quite easily so I curled my hair at 300
degrees Fahrenheit if you plan on using
a higher heat setting i highly recommend
that you wear the glove that comes with
because your curls might be too hot to
touch
just set your hair you want to bunch it
up in your hands then you want to grab
your favorite hairspray and spray it in
short first you want to use a hairspray
that will leave your hair hard and
crusty I like this one by camera because
it's a finishing spray and volume spray
it just keeps my hair really soft and it
holds my curls quite well to separate
your hair a bit and to add a little bit
of volume run your fingers through your
roots the first thing we're going to do
with the irregular braid is the
wraparound headband take one of the
Braves wrap it around the back of your
head bring it to the other side and
secure it with two bobby pins
now take the second braid wrap it over
the bobby pins bring it to the other
side and pin it in the same manner when
you secure your hair with bobby pins
make sure to hide them underneath the
braid so here's the finished look from
the front and the back just ignore that
little white fuzz in my hair but I love
the look of these two braids stuck
together like this because it looks
different and interesting what do you
think and then we have the double knot
which again is quite easy just take your
to braise bring them to the back of your
head and tie them in a knot twice to
keep your not in place take two bobby
pins and stick them in each side be sure
to answer your bobby pins underneath the
not so that they aren't visible and
you're done so here's the knotted
headband I think it really complements
curly hair but let me know which look
you guys like best in the comments below
as I mentioned earlier the curling one I
used in this video is by new me and it's
called the magic wand it comes in three
sizes of 32 millimeter for loose waves a
25 millimeter for loose curls and a 19
millimeter barrel for tight curls now
unlike other curling wands this one is
made from one hundred percent titanium
and it had the digital heat setting so
you can adjust it to the temperature of
your choice so today nine of my lucky
viewers will get to win the size and
color of their choice because this also
comes in black and blue there'll be
three winners on YouTube three winners
on Facebook and three winners on
Instagram so please read the simple
rules on how to enter in the video
description down below good luck
everyone and thanks so much for watching
ciao subscribe to my channel to be
notified of new videos and feel free to
check out my other hair tutorials